Merging changes from GraalPy master and updating docs (#34)
graalvm/graalpy.github.io: docs/graalpy-embedded/reference/interop/python_interop_types.md

## Mapping Types between Python and other languages

The interop protocol defines different "types" which can overlap in all kinds of ways and have restrictions on how they can interact with Python.

### Interop Types to Python

> Most importantly and upfront: all "foreign" (i.e., non-Python) objects passing have the Python type `foreign`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most importantly and upfront: all foreign objects passed into Python have the Python type `foreign`.
```

There is no emulation of (for example) objects that are of interop type "boolean" to have the Python type `bool`.
This is because interop types can overlap in ways that the Python built-in types cannot, and we have yet to define which type should take precedence and such situations.
We do expect to change this in the future, however.

> For now, the `foreign` type defines all of the Python special methods for type conversion that are used throughout the interpreter (methods such as `__add__`, `__int__`, `__str__`, `__getitem__`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, the `foreign` type defines all of the Python special methods for type conversion that are used throughout the interpreter (methods such as `__add__`, `__int__`, `__str__`, `__getitem__`, and so on)
```

> and these try to do the right thing based on the interop type (or raise an exception.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and these try to "do the right thing" based on the interop type (or raise an exception).
```

> Types not listed in the below table have no special interpretation in Python right now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Types not listed in the table below have no special interpretation in Python.
```

| Interop Type | Python Interpretation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `null`       | `null` is like `None`. Important to know: interop null values are all identical to None. JavaScript defines two "null-like" values; `undefined` and `null`, which are *not* identical, but when passed to Python, they will be treated so.                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `null`       | `null` is like `None`. Important to know: interop `null` values are all identical to `None`. JavaScript defines two "null-like" values; `undefined` and `null`, which are *not* identical, but when passed to Python, they are treated so.                                                                                                    |
```

| `string`     | Behaves in the same way as a Python string.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `buffer`     | Buffers are also a concept in Python's native API (albeit slightly different). Interop buffers are treated in the same was as Python buffers in some places (such as `memoryview`) to avoid copies of data.                                                                                                                                   |
| `array`      | An `array` can be used with subscript access in the same way as Python lists, with integers and slices as indices.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | `hash`       | A `hash` can be used with subscript access in the same way as Python dictionaries, with any "hashable" object as a key. "Hashable" follows Python semantics; generally every interop type with an identity is deemed "hashable". Note that if an interop object is of type Array **and** Hash, the behavior of subscript access is undefined. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hash`       | A `hash` can be used with subscript access in the same way as Python dictionaries, with any "hashable" object as a key. "Hashable" follows Python semantics: generally every interop type with an identity is deemed "hashable". Note that if an interop object is of type `Array` **and** `Hash`, the behavior of subscript access is undefined. |
```

| `exception`  | An `exception` can be caught in a generic `except` clause.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `MetaObject` | Meta objects can be used in subtype and `isinstance` checks.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `executable` | An `executable` object can be executed as a function, but never with keyword arguments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> 

Reviewer: `instantiable` has dropped off this list... is that intended?

Author: that was by mistake, I added them back

### Python to Interop Types

> | Interop type | Python Interpretation                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Interop Type | Python Interpretation                                                                                                                                 |
```
